One month has passed since this game began.
"December 2, 2022"       "First Floor: Tolbana"
During that time, 2,000 people have died.
However, no one has yet been
able to clear the first floor.
I was a beta tester,
and even I haven't
found the boss room.
And today, we're finally
holding a meeting
on how to defeat
the first-floor boss.
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"Beater"
Okay, let's get started, people!
Thank you for responding
to my summons today.
My name is Diabel.
My job is... in my own mind,
I like to think I'm a "knight."
There's no job system
in this game!
A knight?
--So is this meeting a joke too?
--You should take this seriously!
Today, our party discovered
the boss room at the top
of the tower.
Seriously?
We need to defeat the boss,
reach the second floor,
and tell everyone waiting
in the Town of Beginnings
that it is possible
to beat this game.
And that's the duty of every
one of us here now!
Isn't that right, everybody?
Okay!
Then without further delay, I'd like
to get this boss-raid meeting started.
First, I want you to team
up into parties of six.
--Of course we'll be in the same party.
--A conventional party has no chance
against a Floor Boss.
--Of course we'll be in the same party.
--I'll be the leader.
--We'll need to form a raid group
using multiple parties.
Let's do this.
You got left out too?
I wasn't left out.
Everyone else seemed to be friends
already, so I just stayed out of it.
So you're a solo player?
Then want to partner with me?
He just said we can't beat
the boss on our own.
So just for this fight?
"Do you accept party invitation?"
Okay, are you about done
forming your parties?
Then--
Hold up a second!
My name's Kibaou.
There's something I wanna say
before we take on the boss.
Some of you here
need to apologize
to the 2,000 who
have died so far!
Kibaou, these people
you're referring to...
...do you mean the
ex–beta testers, perhaps?
Of course I do!
On the day this stupid game started,
the beta guys ditched us beginners,
and they all disappeared.
They took all the good hunting spots
and easy quests for themselves,
so they were the only
ones getting stronger.
And since then, they've just
ignored the rest of us.
There's got to be some of them here!
Guys who were beta testers!
We should make them get
on their knees and apologize,
and give up all the items and
money they've hoarded.
As party members, we can't
trust them with our lives,
and they can't trust us!
Can I say something?
My name is Agil.
Kibaou, let me get this straight...
You're saying that because the ex–beta testers
didn't take care of them, many beginners died.
That they should take responsibility,
apologize, and provide compensation.
Is that right?
Y-Yeah.
You received this guidebook
too, didn't you?
It was provided for free
at the item store, after all.
Sure, I got it...
So what if I did?
It was the ex–beta testers
who were distributing these.
Seriously?
Listen up.
Everyone had equal access
to this information.
And yet, many players still died.
What to learn from
those failures,
and how to try to
defeat the boss...
That's what I thought
we'd be discussing here.
All right.
Okay, can we resume
the meeting now?
As for information
on the boss...
Actually, the latest edition of
that guidebook was just issued.
According to it, the boss's name
is Illfang the Kobold Lord.
Also, he has an entourage known
as the Ruin Kobold Sentinels.
The boss is armed with
an axe and a buckler.
He has four health bars,
and when the last one is in the red,
he switches to a curved sword-type
weapon called a Talwar.
His attack pattern changes too.
Wow...
Amazing.
This concludes the briefing.
Lastly, regarding item distribution,
money will be automatically divided equally.
EXP goes to the party
that defeats the monster.
And whoever receives
an item keeps it.
Any objections?
Okay, we leave tomorrow,
at 10 in the morning.
All right... dismissed!
Those are pretty tasty, aren't they?
Mind if I sit down?
Do you really think it's good?
Of course.
Ever since I came to this town,
I've been eating at least one daily.
I do change it up a little though.
Change it up?
Try putting some on the bread.
Cream?
It's the reward for a quest called
"The Heifer Strikes Back,"
one village behind us.
If you want to do it,
I'll tell you the trick.
I didn't come to this town
to eat good food.
Then why did you?
So I can still be me.
I'd rather stay myself until
the very last moment
than lock myself inside an inn back
in the first town, and slowly rot away.
Even if I'm defeated by
a monster and die,
I don't want to lose to
this game... to this world.
No matter what.
I wouldn't want a party
member dying on me...
So at the very least,
don't die tomorrow.
"December 3, 2022"       "Floor 1: Forest Field"
Let's go over it again.
As the leftover team,
our target is the Ruin Kobold
Sentinels, the boss's entourage.
I know.
I'll use a sword skill to
knock their poleaxes up.
The second I do,
switch and jump in.
Switch?
Don't tell me... Is this the first time
you've ever been in a party?
Yes.
Listen up, everyone.
I have only one thing to say.
Let's win!
Let's go!
Commence attack!
Squad A! Squad C! Switch!
Here it comes! Squad B, block!
Squad C, keep guarding
and prepare to switch.
Now!
As you fall back, prepare
to attack from the side!
Squads D, E, and F, keep
the sentinels off us!
Roger!
Switch!
The third one!
I thought she was a beginner.
But her dexterity is incredible.
She's so fast I can't even
see the tip of her sword.
Good job.
Looks like that information was right...
Stand back.
I'll go!
I thought our plan was to
surround it with the entire group.
That isn't a Talwar!
It's a No-Dachi!
It's not the same as the beta test!
It's no good!
Jump back as fast as you can!
Diabel!
Why did you try to do it alone?
You were...
...a beta tester, weren't you?
You know.
You were after the rare item
from the last attack bonus.
You were a beta tester too?
Please...
Defeat...
Defeat the boss.
For everyone...
When this death game started,
all I thought about
was my own survival.
Okay, goodbye, Klein.
But Diabel... even though
you were a beta tester,
you never abandoned
the other players.
You led everyone,
and you fought brilliantly!
You tried to do what I couldn't.
I'll go too.
Thanks.
Use the same sequence
as we did for the sentinels.
Got it.
Switch!
Asuna!
Here he comes again!
Crap!
Go!
We'll hold him off till you recover!
You're...
Watch out!
I'll get you first!
Asuna...
One last attack!
Let's do it together!
Roger!
W-We did it!
"Coat of Midnight"
Good work.
That was splendid swordsmanship.
Congratulations.
This victory belongs to you.
No...
Why?
Why... Why did you let Diabel die?
Let him die?
Of course!
You knew what technique
the boss would use!
If you'd given us that information
up front, he wouldn't have died!
He must be an ex–beta tester!
That's how he knew all about
the boss's attack patterns.
He knew, but he kept it from us!
There's gotta be others here too,
right? Those beta testers!
Come out!
--I'm not.
--Aren't you one?
This is bad.
At this rate...
For everyone...
Hey, you...
An ex–beta tester, did you say?
I wish you wouldn't compare
me to those newbies.
Wh-What?
Most of the 1,000 people who won
SAO beta test slots were beginners
who didn't even know
how to level up.
Even you guys are better than them.
But I'm not like those guys.
During the beta test, I made it to higher levels
than anyone else was able to reach.
The reason I knew about
the boss's sword skills
was because I fought tons of monsters
with those skills on floors far above us.
I know lots of other things too.
Way more than any information broker.
Wh-What?
That's... That's way worse
than a beta tester!
That's cheating! You're a cheater.
That's what you are!
Yeah, a cheater!
A beta tester and a cheater...
A beater!
A beater... that's a good name.
That's right...
I am a beater.
From now on, don't confuse
me with the other testers.
"Coat of Midnight"
Wait.
You called my name when
we were fighting.
Sorry for being rude.
Or did I mess up the pronunciation?
Where did you learn it?
You can see another HP gauge
below yours around here, right?
Isn't there something
written below that?
Kirito...
Kirito?
Is that your name?
Yeah.
Oh, so it was written
there all this time!
You can become powerful.
So if someone you trust ever
invites you to join a guild,
don't turn them down.
Because there's an absolute limit
to what you can do as a solo player.
Then what about you?
"Create"
"Dissolve"
"Invite"
"Will you disband your party?"
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "Red-Nosed Reindeer."